In this lesson we're going to be looking at fat arrows.
So I have some basic javascript functions that are set up and we're going to be converting these to
eat s six functions.
So what we have for now is we've got a series of functions here.
Some of them are doing some values we're passing values into them arguments into them.
We're doing something with those arguments.
Some we're just simply returning it and we're opening into the console there and then some.
There's a combination of both.
So either way that you're doing this.
There's quite a bit of functionality here that we can improve upon with ESX.
And one of them is simply removing the function word using a fat arrow.
So let's start by converting this first statement and we know from earlier we don't use var anymore
we try to avoid it.
So we're using LET and constant.
So let's just do let And we're going to set the message name so that one is fine and we can get rid
of the word function and we're already setting the were the function value over here so we can get rid
of all of that.
And next is where we can use the fat arrows.
This is just an equal sign and a greater than symbol and then the rest of that is going to be the format
is going to be very similar.
So let me try that and show you.
And let's actually put test one so you can distinguish between them.
So refreshed and we see that we've shortened the way that the function is being output and we see that
we can output it within the same format.
Everything still works the same except that we've got a different way of writing the syntax in a shorter
format.
So what's really happened is we've converted the function into that arrow symbol.
So next let's look at return.
So within message 1 We know that to update it let's update it to let.
Message 1.
And we're going to get rid of the function.
So basically whenever we're only passing that one parameter we can simply simplify it either.
We don't need those rounded brackets.
And then lastly we know that we want to return some type of value and this is where the arrow comes
in.
And we know that from the earlier example we're able to return a value.
So let's do this one a test to go back refreshed.
So we do have tests to their kid put a space there to keep it consistent.
So there's there's also we can either shorten this even more using the arrow if we are returning a value
we can get rid of some of the brackets here as well.
So this really simplified that statement and we see that our output is the same.
So again we're just simply using function in order to replace these fat arrows.
So what I want you to do now is pause the video and update this last one to be in line with ESX So pause
the video and make an update on this one.
And take what we've learned in the previous exercises and apply it to this one and this one doesn't
have a return.
So just cause an output there.
And I'll show you the solution coming up.
So if you had an opportunity to try that.
And that's a simple exercise of converting from our previous javascript version to ESX and we know that
the fat arrow basically replaces that whole function.
So we can get rid of quite a bit of code there and syntax and to shorten it.
So we are using the value we're adding in Hello there.
So what we can do is we can simply console log.
So we don't need to set a variable.
And we did have that var.
So if we were to use it we could have set that in there as well.
So this time it's going to be test 3.
So let's save that refresh and there we go.
So we've simplified it within ESX
And we also saw over here that if this is for the return that we were able to return it.
But we can also simplify this by removing the curly brackets because we just have this one functionality
that's happening so we can simply remove out all of the curly brackets go back and refresh it and we
see that it still works.
So we really simplified these functions and by using fat arrows.
So what I want you to do now is to go back to where we are writing functions in one of the earlier sections
and make some updates update it using the fat arrows.
Update some of the functions and the more you work with it the more you're going to find that these
five arrows really do are an easier way to present functions within your javascript.